feat(react-scheduler): add editing by dragging (#1870)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/guides/editing.md

> Click an appointment for the appointment tooltip to appear, and then click Edit in the tooltip to open the appointment editing form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click an appointment to show its tooltip, and then click Edit in the tooltip to open the appointment editing form.
```

OR

> Reschedule an appointment by dragging it to another cell. This functionality requires the [DragDropProvider](../reference/drag-drop-provider.md) plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drag an appointment to another cell to reschedule it. This functionality requires the [DragDropProvider](../reference/drag-drop-provider.md) plugin.
```

### Delete an Appointment

> Click an appointment to invoke the appointment tooltip, and then click Delete in the tooltip to remove the appointment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click an appointment to invoke its tooltip, and then click Delete in the tooltip to remove the appointment.
```
